long thought,
Are you going to open the door?
It took fifteen years to ask for money.
You let him see that he will die to you again every year,
You go back here and leave it to me.
It turned out to be fifteen years.
You let me go back and forth home,
In the morning, I was prompted to guide someone here to ask you for money.
Are you so shameless?
It's possible even for me,
But now my dad has to wait for proof at the hospital and it will cost him money.
Can you save me a million,
I will definitely return it to you.
That's why the company commander was willing to ask for money all night with such a pretense.
I'm not grandpa
I won't accept your movies
We pay the family
I won't give you any more money
Grandpa was so angry with you that he even got sick.
If you have any conscience
Just hurry up and give me a life and wait.
can't give up
As expected of Xiaojia Xiaohui.
What a bad idea
Doesn't he like expensive things?
Let him be expensive